Update audit logging for service account support, align related content in SCIM docs [DOCS-1775] (#1701)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/hosting/iam/scim.md

- **ETag Support**: Conditional updates using ETags for conflict detection  
- **Service Account Authentication**: Organization service accounts can access the API

## Before you begin

> Organization level admin users and service accounts can access the SCIM API.

Reviewer: may be clearer to say 
```suggestion
Organization level admin users and organization level service accounts can access the SCIM API.
```

I know my proposal is a bit redundant sounding, but makes it clearer so people don't read "Organizational level admin users" and "service accounts" as two separate things (though I understand it's meant to mean "Organizational level (users and service accounts)" atm so technically right).

Author: Makes sense, I just adjusted your edit to lower-case the second organization. :)

- If you receive a `403` error when following these instructions, ensure that the identity has adequate permission.

> - **Multi-tenant Cloud**: If a user is an organization admin in multiple Multi-tenant Cloud organizations, you _must_ configure the organization where organization-level API calls are routed. Otherwise, you will receive the following error:

Reviewer: >If a user is an organization admin in multiple Multi-tenant Cloud organizations

For SCIM it's always required to configure. Audit logs will default to your only org if you haven't set your preference up (after my PR lands anyways). Main reason being if a user was removed from an org and put in another we wouldnt want SCIM to start writing to that new org. Since audit logs are read only operations unlike SCIM, we can be a bit more lax with defaults assuming things.

Author: I tried to adjust this: https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1701/files#r2415187923

> - **Multi-tenant Cloud**: If a user is an organization admin in multiple Multi-tenant Cloud organizations, you _must_ configure the organization where organization-level API calls are routed. Otherwise, you will receive the following error:

Author: ```suggestion
- **Multi-tenant Cloud**: As an extra security precaution, if you are a member of multiple Multi-tenant Cloud organizations or if you move from one organization to another, you _must_ configure the **Default API organization**, which determines where organization-level SCIM API calls are routed. Otherwise, you will receive the following error:
```
How is this?
